Add remark about field descriptor ID uniqueness (RN 37395) (#2055)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Advanced_Modules/DOM/DOM_objects/DOM_SectionDefinition.md

- **GroupFieldDescriptor**: Available from DataMiner 10.3.3/10.4.0 onwards. Can be used to define that a field should contain the name of a DataMiner user group.

- **UserFieldDescriptor**: Available from DataMiner 10.3.3/10.4.0 onwards. Can be used to define that a field should contain the name of a DataMiner user. There is a *GroupNames* property that can be used to define which groups the user can be a part of.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The ID of a field descriptor should be unique within a DOM module.
>
> Currently the uniqueness of the ID does not get enforced when adding or updating an section definition.

> > When using a field descriptor has the same ID on multiple sections it might result in inconsistent behavior. When a field descriptor with the same ID is used in a name definition, the name of the DOM instance might defer depending on first section that has a value assigned for the field descriptor with that ID. During the validation of changes to field descriptor it might result (added in RN 37395) incorrectly detecting that a field descriptor is no longer in use. If that's the case the field descriptor will allowed to be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Using `FieldDescriptors` that have the same ID on multiple `SectionDefinitions` might result in inconsistent behavior. When a `FieldDescriptor` with the same ID is used in a name definition, the name of the DOM instance might differ depending on which `SectionDefinition` is returned by the database. During the validation of changes to `FieldDescriptor` this might result in incorrectly detecting that a `FieldDescriptor` is no longer in use, resulting in the removal of a descriptor that is actually still in use.
```

Author: what do you mean exactly with "which `SectionDefinition` is returned by the database"?

Author: The RN reference was removed from the validation part? Was that on purpose?

- **GroupFieldDescriptor**: Available from DataMiner 10.3.3/10.4.0 onwards. Can be used to define that a field should contain the name of a DataMiner user group.

- **UserFieldDescriptor**: Available from DataMiner 10.3.3/10.4.0 onwards. Can be used to define that a field should contain the name of a DataMiner user. There is a *GroupNames* property that can be used to define which groups the user can be a part of.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > The ID of a field descriptor should be unique within a DOM module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The ID of a `FieldDescriptor` should be unique within a DOM module.
```

Reviewer: Missed this one the first time.
